c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe.config
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.pdb
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.g.resources
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.exe
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.pdb
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ClientPage.g.cs
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ContractPage.g.cs
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ClientPage.baml
c:\users\lpv\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ContractPage.baml
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\ClientDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\ContractDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\RequisiteContractPage.g.cs
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\DAL.dll.config
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\ClientDialog.baml
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\ContractDialog.baml
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\RequisiteContractPage.baml
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\AdditionalContractPage.g.cs
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\AdditionalContractPage.baml
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\FrameContractPage.g.cs
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\FrameContractPage.baml
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\StyleDictionary.baml
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.csproj.CoursePaper.exe.config
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Model.dll
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Repository.dll
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Repository.pdb
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Repository.dll.config
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.dll
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.xml
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\VM_V_Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\VM_V_Interfaces.pdb
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\EmployeeLoginDialog.baml
C:\Users\LPV\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\EmployeeLoginDialog.g.cs
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe.config
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.pdb
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Model.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Repository.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\VM_V_Interfaces.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Repository.pdb
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Repository.dll.config
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\VM_V_Interfaces.pdb
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\DAL.dll.config
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.xml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\EmployeeLoginDialog.baml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\RequisiteContractPage.baml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\App.baml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\AdditionalContractPage.g.cs
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\ClientDialog.g.cs
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\ContractDialog.g.cs
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\EmployeeLoginDialog.g.cs
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\FrameContractPage.g.cs
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\RequisiteContractPage.g.cs
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ClientPage.g.cs
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ContractPage.g.cs
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper_MarkupCompile.cache
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper_MarkupCompile.lref
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\AdditionalContractPage.baml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\ClientDialog.baml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\ContractDialog.baml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\FrameContractPage.baml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\StyleDictionary.baml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ClientPage.baml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ContractPage.baml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.g.resources
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.Properties.Resources.resources
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.exe
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.pdb
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\ImageDictionary.baml
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.csproj.CoursePaper.exe.config
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\GroupDialog.g.cs
H:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\GroupDialog.baml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe.config
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.pdb
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Model.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Repository.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\VM_V_Interfaces.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Repository.pdb
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Repository.dll.config
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\VM_V_Interfaces.pdb
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\DAL.dll.config
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.xml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.csproj.CoursePaper.exe.config
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Client\ClientDialog.baml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Contract\ContractFrameAdditional.baml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\SpareParts\Page1.baml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\SpareParts\SparePartsDialog.baml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\EmployeeLoginDialog.baml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Contract\RequisiteContractPage.baml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\ImageDictionary.baml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Client\ClientDialog.g.cs
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Contract\ContractDialog.g.cs
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Contract\ContractFrameAdditional.g.cs
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\GroupClient\GroupDialog.g.cs
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\SpareParts\Page1.g.cs
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\SpareParts\SparePartsDialog.g.cs
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\EmployeeLoginDialog.g.cs
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Contract\RequisiteContractPage.g.cs
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ClientPage.g.cs
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ContractPage.g.cs
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Contract\ContractDialog.baml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\GroupClient\GroupDialog.baml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\StyleDictionary.baml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ClientPage.baml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ContractPage.baml
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.g.resources
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.exe
D:\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.pdb
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.csproj.CoursePaper.exe.config
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.exe
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.pdb
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe.config
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.pdb
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Model.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Repository.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\VM_V_Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Repository.pdb
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Repository.dll.config
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\VM_V_Interfaces.pdb
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\DAL.dll.config
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.xml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Client\ClientDialog.baml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Contract\ContractFrameAdditional.baml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\SpareParts\Page1.baml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\SpareParts\SparePartsDialog.baml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\EmployeeLoginDialog.baml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Contract\RequisiteContractPage.baml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\ImageDictionary.baml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Client\ClientDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Contract\ContractDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Contract\ContractFrameAdditional.g.cs
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\GroupClient\GroupDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\SpareParts\Page1.g.cs
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\SpareParts\SparePartsDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\EmployeeLoginDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Contract\RequisiteContractPage.g.cs
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ClientPage.g.cs
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ContractPage.g.cs
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Contract\ContractDialog.baml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\GroupClient\GroupDialog.baml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\StyleDictionary.baml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ClientPage.baml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ContractPage.baml
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.g.resources
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\LPV\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe.config
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.pdb
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\CoursePaper.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Model.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Repository.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\VM_V_Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Repository.pdb
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Repository.dll.config
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\VM_V_Interfaces.pdb
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\DAL.dll.config
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.xml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.csproj.CoursePaper.exe.config
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Client\ClientDialog.baml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Contract\ContractFrameAdditional.baml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\SpareParts\Page1.baml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\SpareParts\SparePartsDialog.baml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\EmployeeLoginDialog.baml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Contract\RequisiteContractPage.baml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\ImageDictionary.baml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Client\ClientDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Contract\ContractDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Contract\ContractFrameAdditional.g.cs
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\GroupClient\GroupDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\SpareParts\Page1.g.cs
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\SpareParts\SparePartsDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\EmployeeLoginDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Contract\RequisiteContractPage.g.cs
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ClientPage.g.cs
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ContractPage.g.cs
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\Contract\ContractDialog.baml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Dialogs\GroupClient\GroupDialog.baml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\StyleDictionary.baml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ClientPage.baml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\Skins\ContractPage.baml
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.g.resources
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.exe
C:\Users\IEUser\Desktop\CoursePaper\CoursePaper\obj\Debug\CoursePaper.pdb
